gitstructions
1- Create a folder called learn_git_again. 

2- cd into the learn_git_again folder. 

3- Create a file called third.txt. 

4- Initialize an empty git repository. 

5- Add third.txt to the staging area. 

6- Commit with the message "adding third.txt". 

7- Check out your commit with git log. 

8- Create another file called fourth.txt. 

9- Add fourth.txt to the staging area. 

10- Commit with the message "adding fourth.txt" 

11- Remove the third.txt file 

12- Add this change to the staging area 

13- Commit with the message "removing third.txt" 

14- Check out your commits using git log 

15- Change your global setting to core.pager=cat - you can read more about that here https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Customizing-Git-Git-Configuration. 

16- Write the command to list all the global configurations for git on your machine. 

You can type git config --global to find out how to do this
Quick Search

1.6 Getting Started - First-Time Git Setup
git-scm.com favicon
git-scm
·
1
8.1 Customizing Git - Git Configuration
git-scm.com favicon
git-scm
·
2
git config | Atlassian Git Tutorial
atlassian.com favicon
atlassian
·
3
How to set important Git config global properties - TheServerSide
theserverside.com favicon
theserverside
·
4
How do I show my global Git configuration? - Stack Overflow
stackoverflow.com favicon
stackoverflow
·
5
git config – How to Configure Git Settings to Improve Your Development Workflow
freecodecamp.org favicon
freecodecamp
·
6
Answer
Here are the instructions to complete the given tasks:
Open your terminal and create a folder called learn_git_again by typing the following command:
mkdir learn_git_again

Change your current working directory to learn_git_again by typing the following command:
cd learn_git_again

Create a file called third.txt by typing the following command:
touch third.txt

Initialize an empty git repository by typing the following command:
git init

Add third.txt to the staging area by typing the following command:
git add third.txt

Commit the changes with the message "adding third.txt" by typing the following command:
git commit -m "adding third.txt"

Check out your commit with git log by typing the following command:
git log

This will display the commit history. You should see the commit message "adding third.txt" in the log.
Create another file called fourth.txt by typing the following command:
touch fourth.txt

Add fourth.txt to the staging area by typing the following command:
git add fourth.txt

Commit the changes with the message "adding fourth.txt" by typing the following command:
git commit -m "adding fourth.txt"

Remove the third.txt file by typing the following command:
rm third.txt

Add this change to the staging area by typing the following command:
git add third.txt

Commit the changes with the message "removing third.txt" by typing the following command:
git commit -m "removing third.txt"

Check out your commits using git log by typing the following command:
git log

This will display the commit history. You should see the three commit messages in the log.
Change your global setting to core.pager=cat by typing the following command:
git config --global core.pager cat

This will change the global setting for the pager to cat.
To list all the global configurations for git on your machine, type the following command:
git config --global --list

This will display a list of all the global configurations for git on your machine.